Zan mravi has more now from
rala the Israeli military went into
nur's refugee camp east of tarim late
Thursday night and on early Friday
morning they were still there and in 12
hours of raids they destroyed roads
buildings shops houses tore up sewage
lines and on Friday morning those raids
were ongoing we've been to this Camp
we've seen these roads before we've seen
this kind of Destruction before and
those Alleyways those roads that we're
seeing in the videos now were repaired
mere months ago but locals describ the
Mayhem being carried out uh last night
being carried out on Thursday night into
Friday morning by the Israeli military
as the worst destruction of
infrastructure that they've seen in the
West Bank since the destruction of the
Janine refugee camp during the second
intifada in the early 2000s now the area
of tarim is no stranger to these kinds
of raids but what residents are saying
the the the opinion that now locals are
voicing once again is the same
we've been hearing since the beginning
of the war on Gaza they are worried that
this escalation in intensity is a signal
that once the Israeli military is done
with Gaza that the West Bank will be
next Zan basravi Al jazer ramala